Add build tags to BUILDING.md (#3687)
distribution/distribution: BUILDING.md

Optional [build tags](http://golang.org/pkg/go/build/) can be provided using
the environment variable `DOCKER_BUILDTAGS`.

<dl>
<dt>noresumabledigest</dt>
<dd>Compiles without resumable digest support</dd>
<dt>include_gcs</dt>

> <dd>Adds support for <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage">Google Cloud Storage</a></dd>

Reviewer: I've noticed in some issues conversation that this seems to be broken -- just wondering if it's worth keeping it here even if that's the case, until we've fixed it

Reviewer 2: Yup, that was the same PR that "triggered" this PR; https://github.com/distribution/distribution/pull/3676#issuecomment-1181718843

I think it's ok to keep it here, because it's _meant_ to be working, but we should have a stage in CI that also at least tries to build the binaries with these build-tags enabled.

Possibly we also need to add these build-tags to GolangCI lint (ISTR it skips linting otherwise)

Author: Its actually already in the CI:
https://github.com/distribution/distribution/blob/8857a1948739db3520e2fb5211979aa62c3dd5da/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L21

However, the CI runs on go 1.17. It compiles fine on go 1.17.

Author: Yes, I just saw that, looking into it

Author: OK, so I was wrong. That env var isn't doing anything because the Makefile actually wants BUILDTAGS. We should remove that env var from the yaml I guess.

Also, I used the wrong tag when checking a 1.17 version. It doesn't actually compile on 1.17. So ignore me, the code doesn't work at the moment at all.

I still think its fine to merge this, and think that part of #3676 should be to add include_gcp to the CI. We should add include_oss as well somewhere.

<dt>include_oss</dt>

> <dd>Adds support for <a href="https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/object-storage-service">Alibaba Openject Storage Service</a></dd>

Reviewer 2: Was `Openject` the actual  name or was that meant to be "Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS)" (as mentioned on that page?)

```suggestion
<dd>Adds support for <a href="https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/object-storage-service">Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS)</a></dd>
```

Author: Not sure how I messed that up - bad copy paste I guess :/

Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Thanks! I wasn't immediately sure (could've been some brand-name `Openject`, so thought I'd ask just to be sure 😂
